So now we've created our layout
and we've added some elements
onto our map.
We're going to go ahead and
export our map.
And so to do this we want to
click on the Share tab in the
main ribbon and then we're
exporting our layout.
And so we want to click on
Export Layout and just click on
the button, not the drop down.
And here we get the Export
layout pane come up.
So we're just going to shut the
catalog pane because we don't
need that anymore.
And we'll go over the different
things that are in this export
layout pane.
So the first thing we have is
the file type so we can choose
what we want to export it as.
I'm going to keep it as a jpg
but you could export it as a PDF
or a PNG for example.
And then the next section we
have is where we're going to
export it to and so by clicking
on the folder button we can now
navigate to our materials folder
to export it into there.
The next button that we have
here is clip to graphics extent
and what this does is it will
remove all the unnecessary white
background that's around our map
and our grid labels.
And so we're going to click this
to on and the next thing we have
is compression and also the
resolution.
At the moment these are in
pretty good places so we're
going to leave them how they
are. Resolution
you normally want to choose
between 200 to 300. In JPEG
settings
here we can also change the
colour depth to be normal colour
or grayscale.
We're going to keep it as colour
and we don't need to worry about
this colour management section
here.
So now we can click export and
this is going to export our map
to the materials folder where we
chose it to go.
And now it's done.
So we can view our exported file
and there we go.
There's our JPEG of our exported
map, our exported layout, and we
can see that it's clipped out
the unnecessary white space.
And there you go.
That's how you export a layout
in ArcGIS Pro.